Documentation/s3 csi 64 add core documentation (#57)
scality/mountpoint-s3-csi-driver: docs/installation.md

### Node Requirements

- **Operating System**: Linux nodes are required for the CSI node plugin.
- **`hostPath` Access**: The driver's node component requires access to certain host paths (typically under `/var/lib/kubelet/`) to manage mount points. Ensure your cluster's security policies
  (like PodSecurityPolicies or OPA/Gatekeeper policies) allow the driver's DaemonSet pods this access.
- **Systemd**: The default mounter implementation requires systemd to be available on the nodes where the CSI driver node plugin runs.
  The driver uses systemd to manage the `mount-s3` processes that perform the actual S3 bucket mounts. Application pods do not directly interact with systemd.

### Node Selector

- By default, the CSI driver node pods (`s3-csi-node`) will be scheduled on all Linux nodes.
- If you need to restrict the driver to specific nodes, you can configure `node.nodeSelector` in your Helm `values.yaml`.
  Example:

  ```yaml
  node:
    nodeSelector:
      disktype: s3-eligible
  ```

### Network Connectivity

- Kubernetes worker nodes must have network connectivity to your Scality S3 endpoint (RING).

> - This includes resolving the S3 endpoint DNS name and reaching the S3 service on the appropriate ports (typically 80 for HTTP or 443 for HTTPS, unless port isspecified in the S3 endpoint URL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This includes resolving the S3 endpoint DNS name and reaching the S3 service on the appropriate ports (typically 80 for HTTP or 443 for HTTPS, unless port is specified in the S3 endpoint URL).
```

Author: Fixed, thanks
